README.md, before:

# Koikatu Gameplay Mod
Plugin that tweaks and (hopefully) improves Koikatu gameplay.

### Some of the features
- Character limit at school is raised from the stock 38 to 99.
- Virgin H scenes can now be quit early. The girl stays a virgin in that case.
- It's possible to force raw even when denied. Can cause anger.
- Lewdness drops or raises depending on what happened in the H scene.
- Everyone's levdness drops naturally, needs to be built back up.
- Stats slowly fall, need to be worked on even after maxxing.
- Fast travel with F3 now costs time.

**Warning:** Setting the character limit above 38 requires a large amount of RAM and will extend loading times. To load 99 characters the game will need approximately 10GB of free RAM (depending on the characters used).

### Requirements
Works under BepInEx with Harmony. Needs latest BepisPlugins - universal ConfigurationManager is used for mod settings.

![preview](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39247311/50426454-0c860a00-088e-11e9-85d0-493db814cc48.png)

# KK_Pregnancy / Pregnancy mod
Plugin that adds pregnancy gameplay to the main game with related maker customization options. It can also show and change the characters' menstruation schedules.

### How does it work?
Busting a nut inside on a dangerous day has a chance to make the girl pregnant. After a few days a pregnant status icon will appear on character lists and the girl will stop having dangerous days. Over the next x weeks (configurable in plugin settings) the belly will grow, and then the girl stop coming to school for some time (she will eventually return to normal).

The plugin can be configured in plugin settings and per-character in female chara maker. The default conception chance (fertility) is around 30% and can be changed per-character from main-menu maker (pregnancy settings cannot be changed from class maker to prevent cheating). Conception can be completely disabled per-character and globally.

Because the pregnant effect is made by manipulating bones, there are some limitations and potential issues. On some characters the effect might look bad, especially if they use many ABMX sliders around the belly area. Clothes that use skirt bones (skirts, dresses, etc.) can look glitchy, which is sadly unavoidable without tweaking each character manually in maker. Clothes that stick close to the body will work best.

### How to install
1. Make sure you have at least BepInEx 5.0 and latest BepisPlugins, KKAPI and KKABMX.
2. Download the latest [release](https://github.com/ManlyMarco/Koikatu-Gameplay-Mod/releases).
3. Extract the archive into your game directory. The plugin .dll should end up inside of your BepInEx\plugins directory.
4. Check if there are no warnings on game startup, Pregnancy options should appear in plugin settings and in female chara maker.

![preview](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39247311/60744379-f8764000-9f75-11e9-886b-be5e74448258.png)

# KK_NightDarkener
Plugin that darkens the night scenes to something slightly more realistic. Configurable, can go down to horror levels of darkness.

Needs BepInEx and BepisPlugins, to install copy the dll to your BepInEx directory.

Inspired by PHmod44_KK_Dark_Map_Ver mod, thanks to HCM06 for bringing it up.

### Requirements
Works under BepInEx with Harmony. Needs latest BepisPlugins - universal ConfigurationManager is used for mod settings.

![Preview](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39247311/55674510-07395200-58b6-11e9-8b85-d15f8fab54fa.png)

# KK_OrthographicCamera
Plugin that allows using of the orthographic (parallel projection) camera mode. Works in both Studio and main game/maker. (This is the effect that is used in isometric games like for example Diablo 2 and Fallout 2)

### How to use
- Needs BepInEx v5.x
- Place the .dll inside your `BepInEx\plugins` folder.
- To toggle between perspective (normal) and orthographic camera mode press the I key (can be changed in settings) and then use your mouse scroll wheel to zoom in and out.

![preview](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39247311/59981520-dd661080-9604-11e9-9b2b-eefbd1a1a66b.png)

Commit message:

Add info about mobadder and compiling

README.md, after:

# Koikatu Gameplay Mod
Plugin that tweaks and (hopefully) improves Koikatu gameplay.

### Some of the features
- Character limit at school is raised from the stock 38 to 99.
- Virgin H scenes can now be quit early. The girl stays a virgin in that case.
- It's possible to force raw even when denied. Can cause anger.
- Lewdness drops or raises depending on what happened in the H scene.
- Everyone's levdness drops naturally, needs to be built back up.
- Stats slowly fall, need to be worked on even after maxxing.
- Fast travel with F3 now costs time.

**Warning:** Setting the character limit above 38 requires a large amount of RAM and will extend loading times. To load 99 characters the game will need approximately 10GB of free RAM (depending on the characters used).

### Requirements
Works under BepInEx with Harmony. Needs latest BepisPlugins - universal ConfigurationManager is used for mod settings.

![preview](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39247311/50426454-0c860a00-088e-11e9-85d0-493db814cc48.png)

# KK_Pregnancy / Pregnancy mod
Plugin that adds pregnancy gameplay to the main game with related maker customization options. It can also show and change the characters' menstruation schedules.

### How does it work?
Busting a nut inside on a dangerous day has a chance to make the girl pregnant. After a few days a pregnant status icon will appear on character lists and the girl will stop having dangerous days. Over the next x weeks (configurable in plugin settings) the belly will grow, and then the girl stop coming to school for some time (she will eventually return to normal).

The plugin can be configured in plugin settings and per-character in female chara maker. The default conception chance (fertility) is around 30% and can be changed per-character from main-menu maker (pregnancy settings cannot be changed from class maker to prevent cheating). Conception can be completely disabled per-character and globally.

Because the pregnant effect is made by manipulating bones, there are some limitations and potential issues. On some characters the effect might look bad, especially if they use many ABMX sliders around the belly area. Clothes that use skirt bones (skirts, dresses, etc.) can look glitchy, which is sadly unavoidable without tweaking each character manually in maker. Clothes that stick close to the body will work best.

### How to install
1. Make sure you have at least BepInEx 5.0 and latest BepisPlugins, KKAPI and KKABMX.
2. Download the latest [release](https://github.com/ManlyMarco/Koikatu-Gameplay-Mod/releases).
3. Extract the archive into your game directory. The plugin .dll should end up inside of your BepInEx\plugins directory.
4. Check if there are no warnings on game startup, Pregnancy options should appear in plugin settings and in female chara maker.

![preview](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39247311/60744379-f8764000-9f75-11e9-886b-be5e74448258.png)

# KK_OrthographicCamera
Plugin that allows using of the orthographic (parallel projection) camera mode. Works in both Studio and main game/maker. (This is the effect that is used in isometric games like for example Diablo 2 and Fallout 2)

### How to use
- Needs BepInEx v5.x
- Place the .dll inside your `BepInEx\plugins` folder.
- To toggle between perspective (normal) and orthographic camera mode press the I key (can be changed in settings) and then use your mouse scroll wheel to zoom in and out.

![Preview](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39247311/55674510-07395200-58b6-11e9-8b85-d15f8fab54fa.png)

# KK_MobAdder
This plugin adds random mob characters across maps in story mode in order to make it feel less vacant. The mobs have simple animations, no annoying sounds and don't move from their spots - they are purely for decoration.

### Requirements
1. Make sure you have at least BepInEx 5.0, as well as latest BepisPlugins and KKAPI.
2. Download the release binaries.
3. Extract the archive into your game directory. The plugin .dll should end up inside of your BepInEx\plugins directory.
4. Check if there are no warnings on game startup, mobs should appear when you start a new day in story mode.

![Preview](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39247311/77672415-2cbce100-6f89-11ea-8351-63a1465dcc0e.png)

# KK_NightDarkener
Plugin that darkens the night scenes to something slightly more realistic. Configurable, can go down to horror levels of darkness.

Needs BepInEx and BepisPlugins, to install copy the dll to your BepInEx directory.

Inspired by PHmod44_KK_Dark_Map_Ver mod, thanks to HCM06 for bringing it up.

### Requirements
Works under BepInEx with Harmony. Needs latest BepisPlugins - universal ConfigurationManager is used for mod settings.

![Preview](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39247311/55674510-07395200-58b6-11e9-8b85-d15f8fab54fa.png)

# Compiling
Simply clone this repository to your drive and use the free version of Visual Studio 2019 for C# to compile it. Keep in mind that you might need to fix references by pointing at some of your game files. Check the following links for useful tutorials. If you are having trouble or want to try to make your own plugin/mod, feel free to ask for help in modding channels of either the [Koikatsu](https://discord.gg/hevygx6) or [IllusionSoft](https://discord.gg/F3bDEFE) Discord servers.
- https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/get-started/csharp/?view=vs-2019
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/ide/troubleshooting-broken-references?view=vs-2019
